---
url: "https://old.reddit.com/r/solotravel/comments/daukjs/my_give_bangkok_a_damn_chance_guide/"
title: "My 'give Bangkok a damn chance!' guide"
---
Okay, so Bangkok isn't for everyone. Certainly at first. But I am \*tired\* of reading on here 'you only need one or two days in Bangkok'. No, you do not. This is not true. You do not spend a 'day or two' when you visit Tokyo, London, or Hong Kong - and you probably visit them cities of their own accord - you can Bangkok as well! It can be, maybe *should be* the focus of your Thailand trip (especially if you like big cities!). 

So I'm going to link this every time I see someone say it. If the purpose of your trip is strictly for a beach vacation - sure, you get pass. Bangkok can be stressful, but enormously rewarding too. If you're backpacking or out to see or travel Thailand, what on \*earth\* are you doing leaving Bangkok after one, two, or even three days? I've spent months in Bangkok now & I'm admittedly bias and personally think it is one of the best cities in the world - certainly in Asia - and it is a huge injustice to not explore it when it is likely a city in a form that you've never experienced. It has a backpacking "culture" going back decades. It has some of the best street food in the world. It's a vibrant,

A note before I start, but travelers have this 'get out, you only need one or two days' with some crazy cities like New Delhi as well. If you want to say 'I could only stand it for a couple of days and just had to get out' - that is fine! But saying to someone else 'you only need' implies there isn't much to do - which is just objectively wrong for any city with the size, sites, and history that Bangkok offers.

**Khao San Road -** Okay, opinions are always split on Khao San Road. I've spent weeks in the area and spent Christmas in a hostel there last year. Khao San Rd is world famous (watch The Beach if you want to get in the mood for your Thailand trip) and, generally, is good fun for one or two nights. It's loud, it's one big party at night. it's great for people watching. It's *also* full of youngsters getting of their faces for the first time abroad and doing stupid shit like eating cooked cockroaches. I'm a fan of pop music, but once you've heard the 100th awful remix of Ed Sheeran or Calvin Harris, you're pretty bored of it. So, why did I spend weeks around Khao San Road? That's because because that is where, largely, the best hostels are in terms of atmosphere and where you'll meet other backpackers. Pretty much every backpacker on their SE Asia/Thailand trip will head for Khao San Rd at some point, and I'm very close to the staff in one particular hostel, **Nappark Hostel.** I spent Christmas here last year and it was really nice. We dressed up ( [https://www.instagram.com/p/Br0yCq8jasA/](https://www.instagram.com/p/Br0yCq8jasA/)) and it was a good laugh. The reason I like Nappark is because it isn't straight out party and music like a lot of the hostels around Khao San. If you do want that, stay at **Mad Monkey** around the corner. **Bed Station** is also very nice and has a pool and bar - but is huge - I didn't find it as relaxing and it didn't have as much as community as Nappark.**UPDATE** There is now a new hostel in Silom (which is the vibrant/main part of Bangkok - more on it below) called 'All We Need is Hostel' - this is in the is probably the first hostel away from Khao San Road that I've seen that looks really good in terms of atmosphere and meeting people. The reviews look amazing and I'll probably stay there next time I'm in Bangkok.

But some tips and history about Khao San Road, as it is a backpacking staple and you're probably going to end up there. Up until about 20 years ago, it use to be a fairly relaxed and chilled place. Travelers would go & score weed and watch illegally streamed movies outside the bars and listen to live music. That vision of it, sadly, is a relic. It's very commercialised now, the government is pouring a lot of money into it, and are giving the vendors Chinese lessons to attract Chinese tourists. That said, there are some gems to be found among the chaos of Khao San Rd. There is a cool raggae bar down a small alley ([https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/12/5e/a5/7f/our-regular-customers.jpg](https://media-cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo-s/12/5e/a5/7f/our-regular-customers.jpg) which always attracts interesting people who are happy to talk. There is also a very chilled roofbar, where you can overlook the chaos of Khao San Rd and a decent Thai singer will be playing the 1000th rendition of Hotel California or Wonderwall you're going to hear in Thailand, but it's cool. **If you do want to dance and party,** and there is no harm in that, get off the street at those atrocious bars playing different music and go into the club on Khao San Rd. It surprised me. It's very good even by Western standards and is large. In terms of food, most food around Khao San Rd is atrocious. But the best Pad Thai I've eaten in Thailand is right next to Nappark Hostel in a little cafe. Even if you don't stay there - go there!

Finally on Khao San Rd - if you're staying there go to  **Santichaiprakarn Park**. I've got a fetish about this park. I adore it.\*\* It's not *that* impressive and is pretty small...but it just makes me feel happy. It's about a five minute walk from Khao San Rd, and in the mornings you will see the Thai's doing their exercises and playing exercise music and the sound of animals coming alive. It has a large fort and is on the river with a good view of a bridge. From the park you can get a very cheap river-boat up the city. Do this - it's a good way to see the city and everyone loves a boat ride. I met a girl and a guy in my hostel and told them I'd bring them to this park. They got on like a house on fire, hooked up, and I saw them a couple of weeks ago visiting each other in Canada :') - I'm basically cupid. Or a third wheel. But seriously, go to this cute park. 

Here is me and my cute little park: https://www.instagram.com/p/Bqvq-FaDdLj/

Last note on the Khao San district... Tuktuk drivers will rip you off and the taxi drivers hanging around are just as bad. You should not be paying more than 150 baht max. Just get a taxi and use the meter.

**Alright, so this has turned into a guide on Khao San Rd so far, so now the best of Bangkok.**

First, even though I recommend staying and checking out Khao San Rd, **it is not representative of Bangok at all.** It is in the old city. If you arrive from BKK airport and go on the overpass, look at the amount of high rise towers you see. That is Bangkok. Thai's joke that they keep all the backpackers contained around Khao San Rd, and they do. People literally say 'they've seen/done Bangkok' after spending two days in Khao San Road. **Go and check the city out.**

**Lumphini Park  -** Okay, another park. But this is Bangkok's equivalent to Central Park. It's huge. And has monitor lizards, wandering around and in the river ([https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ca/c6/0d/cac60d6a07818486ab814d4891600dd7.jpg](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/ca/c6/0d/cac60d6a07818486ab814d4891600dd7.jpg)) I once looked behind me and there was one just chilling. Go in the mornings and you will see hundreds and hundreds of Thai's doing their exercises - and what is particularly inspiring - is the amount of older people. It's a way for them to keep healthy, but also engaged and making friends. It's really nice to see. The wildlife is amazing, the park is located around highrise business towers and feels like an oasis. You can also rent a pedal boat - just don't fall in. **Lumphini Park** is located in Silom which is a district I quite like. If you want to stay here, which is centrally, I recommend Ekankek Hostel. In Silom you can go to the Snake Farm where there is a snake show that is very cool (and ethical, btw, run by the red cross) and also has a bit of the famous sexpat nightlife, but more on that later.

**King Power Mahanakhon skyview -** This just recently opened so won't be on many guides, but it is worth doing. The building itself looks crazy ([https://static.bangkokpost.com/media/content/20180411/c1\_1444254\_180411040646.jpg](https://static.bangkokpost.com/media/content/20180411/c1_1444254_180411040646.jpg)) but they've recently opened a skyview at the top with a glass ceiling. It's quite expensive IIRC, something like 1000 baht. But it's cool because Bangkok has an awesome skyline and if you're Insta obsessed, makes for some good photos with the glass ceiling.

**The Grand Palace/Reclining Buddha -** I won't say much about these and it's #1 on what to do on any Bangkok guide. They're worth it. Go early. Located near Khao San Rd.

**Wat Arun -** Another cool temple and you can get off (or will see it) if you get the boat from the park from Khao San Rd up to the city. It's worth it. Go at sunset.

**Bangkok skybars -** One thing is apparent about Bangkok is that caters for everyone, well. You can get very good pad thai on the street for 50 baht, or you can spend 1500 baht on a drink in a lush skybar. There are two famous skybars, 'Sky Bar @ Lebua State Tower', this is the one most tourists want to go to because of that scene in the Hangover. I went and it is impressive, it's the only time in months backpacking I felt a little bit elegant. No shorts or flipflops allowed. I haven't been, but a lot of people suggest '**Vertigo and Moon Bar'** as an even more impressive and better skybar, and looking at google it looks a lot bigger and better than Lebua. Lebua gets packed, so go early if you go to that one.

**Chatuchak Weekend Market -** By far the best market I've ever been to. It's huge. Like, really really huge. I believe it is the biggest in Asia, and Asia likes a market. It has everything you can dream of. Make sure you haggle, but there is quite a lot of fixed priced stuff too. The food options are very good too so make a day of it. You will need a break too, because the amount of people and how hectic it is, combined with the BKK heat is not a pleasant experience at times. Take breaks and enjoy it.

**TrueLove at Neverland Husky Cafe -* It's a cafe with Huskies where you can get pictures. It's amazing and they're clearly looked after: [https://www.facebook.com/neverlandsiberians/](https://www.facebook.com/neverlandsiberians/)

**The Bangkok Shopping Malls -** They, also, are absolutely huge. They are exactly what you would expect in the West, but newer and cleaner. Expect to pay what you would in the West here though, but are still a good option if you want to go shopping or want fancy food. MBK is an exception though and is famous for it's electronics. Here's a list of shopping malls: [http://www.bangkok.com/top10-shopping-malls.htm](http://www.bangkok.com/top10-shopping-malls.htm)  I really really liked Terminal 21, it has an airport theme and every floor is a "country".

**Get lost -** Hop on the metro, or find somewhere that looks interesting on the map, and go there. Just get lost in Bangkok. It's a fun place and you always see bizarre or unique stuff. I'd argue there is pretty much zero worry about safety - Bangkok's an incredibly safe city. Obviously take the usual precautions, but I wouldn't worry about stumbling into anywhere dangerous.

**LGBT Nightlife and 'Ladyboys'-** I am not talking about sex tourism here. Bangkok is heaven if you like gay nightlife. The term 'ladyboy' in Thailand is not an insult, and many of them take pride in their work and ladyboy and drag shows. If you want to see drag shows, go to the Stranger Bar in Silom Soi 4. It can be a bit dead in the week, but they'll still have shows. The shows at the weekend attract the winners of Thai drag race. Silom Soi 4 is a small alley (soi = alley btw) of gay bars and clubs, but with no seediness, that is on soi 2. On Soi 4 is an excellent german restaurant that does both amazing german and thai food. Down the road near Lumphini Park is DJ Station - this is a gay club and is possibly the best club in Bangkok by Western standards. They have a drag show at 11pm. Located on Silom Soi 1 is Patpong, where the sex tourism is for straights and the famous gogo bars. Located on Silom Soi 2 is where the sex tourism is for gays. I *did* go in to one of these bars to watch a show, they basically do stuff like rub each other with foam erotically whilst a Robbie Williams song plays - it is quite something. Then when the shows are over, the guys line up and you can 'off' one (pay to have sex with them) - this didn't feel ethical and I didn't like it, the place is full of 50-60 year old Chinese men and woman. I went back to Dj Station. If you do want to explore or just check out of the sex tourism bit of Bangkok (and I get there is a curiousity even if you don't indulge), then Soi Cowboy and Nana Plaza are the more famous ones. Make sure you don't have drugs in your system, my taxi got stopped and I had to do a pee test on the side of the road when I went to Soi Cowboy (I'm gay, but I still just wanted to see the neon lights and atmosphere of the place).

Oh, and about Silom, if you want a more... interesting experience, check out Mr. Wongs Place. It's a dive bar open until the last customer leaves (everything else in Bangkok shuts at 2am). An angry Chinese man owns it, but its renowned and an... interesting experience. So is the Malaysia Hotel 100m away from it. it's only £20 a night and extremely good value given the location. It's no frills, but has a lot of history too. The famous Good Morning Vietnam scene was filmed there - I don't know why. CNN did a piece on Wong's Place: http://travel.cnn.com/bangkok/drink/story-wongs-place-bangkoks-favorite-dive-bar-723943/ Bangkok has a lot of dive bars and quirky bars with live music if you're into that.

**Chinatown'-** Most big cities have a Chinatown, but this is a really, really, good Chinatown. Worth going to. Fantastic food.

**Hipster districts'-** There are a lot of cool districts in Bangkok that have their own thing going on and not many tourists will venture out to. Ekkamai is one of them and has a lot of vegan cafes and whatnot. 'The Yard Hostel' in Bangkok is also located in a cool area called Aki. It is an eco hostel, has a wonderful garden, and used recycled materials to build the whole hostel. It's expensive though.

**Ko Samet'-** Okay, not Bangkok, but only a four hour bus ride away. Quite possibly my favourite island in Thailand where I had my most fun times... and barely anyone goes there and instead makes the long journey south. It is a gem. It only has one good hostel, but when I went there was 6-7 of us who got on like a house on fire and had good fun at their famous 'naga bar' (for backpackers - well, the backpackers who bother going to Ko Samet! Look at it: https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn%3AANd9GcQIOujLxt4UGVRgZ8oqGCAu3PnTgjOmRdyIycx6kOHAExcF524P). Ko Samet does get overrun by Chinese island hoppers in the day, but just walk up the beach to Naga bar and it quietens down. Naga bar is really fun and does good food. Ko Samet is tiny and everyone just goes to Naga, so you end up seeing the same faces and don't need to rent a motorbike (but you could if you want to explore the isolated part of the island). A few days in Koh Samet and then you can get a bus from there up the coast to Koh Chang, which I believe is the biggest island and has more hostels. From there you can go into Cambodia. These islands are gorgeous - you don't need to hit up Koh Phangan or the awful Koh Phi Phi.

That's pretty much everything I can think of right now. But TL;DR - Give Bangkok a bloody chance, stay in Khao San Rd if you want to meet other backpackers but make sure you get the hell out of there and see the actual city. A quick google of what to do or see in Bangkok will show you so many quriky bars, cafes, temples, parks, shops... it has anything for every budget, Please don't rock up to Khao San Rd for a couple of days then tell people on here that you only need a couple of days in Bangkok.

I really like the way Wikivoyage describes Bangkok, so I'll finish with that:

>"Just under 14 degrees north of the equator, Bangkok is a tropical metropolis that is also one of the most traveller-friendly cities in Asia. A furious assault on the senses, visitors are immediately confronted by the heat, the pollution, unpleasant smells, and the irrepressible smile worn by many Thais. Despite the sensationalised international news reports and first impressions, the city is surprisingly safe (except for petty crimes) and more organised than it initially appears, and is full of hidden gems waiting to be discovered. The high relative humidity and warm temperature favour the growth of tropical plants — you'll find exotic orchids and delicious fruit everywhere. Bougainvillea and frangipani bloom practically all over the city. Thai cuisine is justifiably famous, varied, and affordable. Bangkok for many represents the quintessential Asian capital. Saffron-robed monks, garish neon signs, graceful Thai architecture, spicy dishes, colourful markets, traffic jams, and the tropical climate come together in a happy coincidence. It is difficult to leave with only lukewarm impressions of the city."

One last thing, Bangkok tends to come alive at weekends where the markets open and the Thais go out too. Try and be there for a weekend, it'll make it better.

Any questions feel free to hit me up.
